Creating documentation for new Recommendations API (#14924)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/recommendation.md

---
title: "recommendation resource type"
description: "Represents an Azure AD best practice or improvement action recommended by Microsoft for your Azure AD tenant."
author: "hafowler"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# recommendation resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents an Azure AD best practice or improvement action recommended by Microsoft for your Azure AD tenant.

> Inherits from [entity](../resources/entity.md).

Author: I added my own suggestion in recent commit.

|[Get recommendation](../api/recommendation-get.md)|[recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) object.|
|[Complete](../api/recommendation-complete.md)|[recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md)|Mark a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) status as `completedByUser` after completing all [action steps](../resources/actionstep.md).|
|[Postpone](../api/recommendation-postpone.md)|[recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md)|Mark a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) status as `postponed` to a specified date and time.|
|[Dismiss](../api/recommendation-dismiss.md)|[recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md)|Mark a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) status as `dismissed`.|
|[Reactivate](../api/recommendation-reactivate.md)|[recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md)|Mark an accidentally dismissed, completed, or postponed [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) object as `active`. |

> |[List impactedResources](../api/recommendation-list-impactedresources.md)|[recommendationResource](../resources/recommendationresource.md) collection|List the recommendationResource resources from the impactedResources navigation property.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[List impactedResources](../api/recommendation-list-impactedresources.md)|[recommendationResource](../resources/recommendationresource.md) collection|Retrieve the Azure AD resources that are associated with a recommendation.|
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|actionSteps|[actionStep](../resources/actionstep.md) collection|List of actions to take to complete a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md).|
|benefits|String|Describes the value provided by completing a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md). Corresponds to the *Value* section of a recommendation shown in the Azure AD portal.|
|category|recommendationCategory|Indicates the type of [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md). The possible values are: `usageAndCompliance`, `security`, `productivity`, `health`, `configuration`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The DateTime that the recommendation was detected as applicable to your directory.|
|currentScore|Double|Attained score if the [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) is a Secure Score for Identity improvement action.|
|displayName|String|The title of the [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md).|
|featureArea|String|The directory feature that the [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) is related to.|

> |id|String|The unique identifer for the recommendation. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md). This is a concatenation of your tenant id and the recommendation's nickname.|

Author: It is a value known by AAD only

> |impactStartDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The future DateTime that a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) should be completed by. |

Author: If a customer doesn't complete a recommendation by the impactStartDate, there could be breaking changes.

|lastModifiedBy|String|Name of the user who last updated the [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md).|
|lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) was last updated.|
|maxScore|Double|Maximum possible score to attain if the [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) is a Secure Score for Identity improvement action.|
|postponeUntilDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) is postponed to if its status is `postponed`.|
|priority|recommendationPriority|Indicates the time sensitivity for a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) to be completed.The possible values are: `low`, `medium`, `high`.|
|provider|String|The service that generated the [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md).|
|status|recommendationStatus|Indicates whether a [recommendation](../resources/recommendation.md) needs to be addressed. The possible values are: `active`, `completedBySystem`, `completedByUser`, `dismissed`, `postponed`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

> 

Author: The recommendationCategory is going to be deprecated. I've added that on the recommendation.md file. So, I don't want to document too much on them here.

> 

Reviewer: Well noted. But because it's going to be live for a while, we still need to give customers the complete information for their benefit while it's currently returned.
